If each column is a spectral channel, what is each row? The first column is the wavelength in nm,
so each row is a different wavelength! Trippy. And the value is the log of intensity ratio (dB?)
6/23
FPR allows the light to propagate - Free propagation region. Ignore the gray vertical line in the 
greeen region. Silican nitride - 
Higher index in the pole and lower in the clearing. That's what allows the light to propagate. 
Waveguides are similar to optical fibers in this respect. High index guides it and low index surrounds
it! (remember from Hect). Clearing is silicon dioxide and pole is silicon nitride. Everything in Figure 
1 from Pradip's 2021 paper is silicon nitride. IRL, it's surrounded by silicon dioxide. If I ask the 
same question twice, ask Pradip to record it. Each channel is symmetrical near the peak wavelength, 
but as the transmission decreases, they become asymmetrical. The center is symmetrical, but the 
wings are not. On the edges of the AWG, the incoming (Figure 2 on the 2017 paper https://arxiv.org/abs/2106.04598. Output FPR)  
The central output channel will receive the light symmetrically from the left and right sides of the 
array. The edge channels don't have this advantage, so they see more light from one side of the array
from the other (inverse square law!). you can individually plot the peaks of each channel and the wings 
if you want! I think I can just go to Cahill now if I want. Double checking with Dimitri. Sign up for his 
office hours! It should be fine? The find_peaks function is defined in scipy. There's a text file for
each channel with its transmission curve. There are two peaks in each column, one corresponding to each
spectral order. There are tinier peaks in the noise. Find main peaks, not the ones in the noise! 
That's why we define the distance to be 80% of the FSR. Look at the find_3dB_width. lam_n - lam_{n-1}.
find_peaks needs it in indices so we divide by the wavelength step size.  

You can do things yourself if pradip doesn't reply. Tomorrow go to campus maybe?
Get the first plot out with channels vs power! See if we need to change our approach.
Get your initial plots then replan!!! 